hey i'm the fw at the bush force was
I always only with my car
on the way
but now has me nevertheless times
interested and I have these
little ax here worried
I do with my big automesse
usually just rough work though
just for such work for example
when chopping I have a big problem
because the focus of this knife
is very far back then I have
So grab hold very far back and
then i can do more right
hold on and have no right
swing and the fine work that makes
I mostly with mine anyway
Swiss Army Knife and therefore have
i thought i want the car
detach the knife with this ball
if that works because we are the same
see this is the mp 9
all purpose in having a weight of 240
gram including the handle cord has
a length of 24 inches and a
cutting width of 7 cm is the thickness
about three and a half mm the blade is made
from a stainless hsg the 120er start
first test firing with the fire
plays and that works know for sure
and the whole thing now with the ball
perfectly ok now we had that
gs was but it is very tedious and
the whole thing now with the ball
well, very tedious but it works
a little better than the car fair
how she carves out
much heavier
but that was to be expected wooden beams
even better since I have to say so
that was not right but convincing
it was even worse today and starts
so if I have this at home right now
try again
with a proper lock that's one
book seems to be looking pretty hard
that it works, what is it now?
actually better when you make fire
both equally good at chopping
you do not have that good in the movie
but I have with me because
definitely something easier done
at the split that one has just
because it will be a bit better soon
the carving okay clearly there is
me
better and what is better now i think
that clearly depends on the purpose
I would definitely be next
time to test a bit and
when I know more
are you the first to know
Thank you for watching it all right and see you
next time